# Business Source License 1.1

## Parameters

Licensor:             GlossGen Team
Licensed Work:        GlossGen
                      The Licensed Work is (c) 2024 GlossGen Team
Additional Use Grant: You may make use of the Licensed Work, provided that
                      you may not use the Licensed Work for a Database
                      Service.

                      A "Database Service" is a commercial offering
                      that allows third parties (other than your
                      employees and contractors) to access the functionality
                      of the Licensed Work by creating, querying, or
                      interacting with databases where the value of the
                      Database Service depends on the functionality of
                      the Licensed Work. For example, a hosted or managed
                      service that provides database glossary generation
                      capabilities using the Licensed Work would be considered
                      a Database Service.

                      For clarity, a Database Service does not include
                      using the Licensed Work for internal use or for
                      non-commercial purposes.

Change Date:          Four years from the date the Licensed Work is published.

Change License:       Apache License, Version 2.0

For information about alternative licensing arrangements for the Licensed Work,
please contact: info@glossgen.ai

## Notice

The Business Source License (this document, or the "License") is not an Open
Source license. However, the Licensed Work will eventually be made available
under an Open Source License, as stated in this License.

## License

Licensed Work is provided under this License on an "AS IS" BASIS and without
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation,
any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, Licensor hereby grants You:

1. A non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, non-sublicensable, non-transferable
   license to use, copy, modify, create derivative works of, and redistribute
   the Licensed Work during the term of this License, for any purpose other than
   a use prohibited by the Additional Use Grant; and

2. A non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, non-sublicensable, non-transferable
   license to use, copy, modify, create derivative works of, and redistribute
   the Licensed Work in source code form, under the terms of the Change License,
   on or after the Change Date.

As of the Change Date, Licensor hereby grants you:

3. A non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, non-sublicensable, non-transferable
   license to the Licensed Work in source code form, under the terms of the
   Change License. If your use of the Licensed Work does not comply with the
   requirements currently in effect as described in this License, you must
   purchase a commercial license from the Licensor, its affiliated entities, or
   authorized resellers, or you must refrain from using the Licensed Work.

All copies of the original and modified Licensed Work, and derivative works of
the Licensed Work, are subject to this License. This License applies separately
for each version of the Licensed Work that the Licensor publishes.

You must conspicuously display this License on each original or modified copy of
the Licensed Work. If you receive the Licensed Work in original or modified form
from a third party, the terms and conditions set forth in this License apply to
your use of that work.

Any use of the Licensed Work in violation of this License will automatically
terminate your rights under this License for the current and all other versions
of the Licensed Work.

This License does not grant you any right in any trademark or logo of Licensor
or its affiliates (provided that you may use a trademark or logo of Licensor as
expressly required by this License).

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE LICENSED WORK IS PROVIDED ON AN
"AS IS" BASIS. LICENSOR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION) WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND TITLE. 